= Mon Apr 22, 2019 =

What a crazy day. What is there to say about today? I'm not sure. It's a day, is 
there anything else to mention? Some would have you wonder if you're going a bit 
silly. That's not always how things go of course. There's so much more to it 
than that. I'm not always one to fully grasp or understand everything that 
happens in life. That's a given. I doubt there's really anyone who can grasp 
something with 100% efficiency. It just isn't done.

Yet there are those who want you to do the unthinkable. Achieve the impossible. 
I don't know if that's an actual possibility or if people are simply 
daydreaming. It would be nice to figure out someday. I believe the words I'm 
looking for are "exact obedience". Be perfect in everyway possible, don't mess 
up. You don't have the luxury.

That's how trouble begins. That's where the problems arise.

Some would have you believe life doesn't come in such flavors. But it does. Not 
everyone meets or finds the expectation others expect of them, and that's okay! 
You don't have to live up to someone elses expectations of you.

Granted, if you are doing a job and you have to get something done by x number 
of days to reach a deadline, that's a different story. You committed to that job 
and you should meet that expectation. But that's not what I'm talking about.

I'm talking about expectations that others place upon people that are there 
simply for their own amusement. Or because they feel that person should act a 
certain way or dress a certain way etc. Life just doesn't have to work that way.

Sometimes there are secrets in your heart that only you k now. Sometimes those 
secrets aren't even known by your own mind. Is that a bad thing to comprehend? 
Is that a terrible thing to try to understand or grasp? Maybe it's a simple 
thing to grab a hold of. I don't know. I do know, there are just some secrets 
that aren't to be told to anyone. Deep inner thoughts which you have some 
control over, yet you really don't. They creep up into your mind and you don't 
know what to do with them. So you just let them sit around for a bit until you 
can figure them out.

That can take a while to have something figured out. It's not always an easy 
clean split.
