= Sun April 21, 2019 =

Such a wonderful day. What is there to be said about any of it? I mean, here we 
all are waiting for something magical to happen in life. Is that life meant to 
be something unique? Is it meant to be something special? I'm not sure. It would 
be nice to be able to figure it out...wouldn't it be?

Perhaps, just maybe, we are all living here for no reason at all. We don't 
understand and don't know what's going on. Who is to know what's going on in 
this life anyway? I don't understand. You don't understand. Why should you 
bother with any of it? Exactly.

One might think you can't always understand or grasp anything that happens. I 
mean I get it. I understand a bit of that. But it doesn't always happen that 
way, so here we are.

People say that God always answers prayers. I that really a thing? I mean 
honestly. It doesn't feel like he answers my prayers that much. Maybe I'm just 
not praying right? I don't know. Who really has all of the answers to any of it? 
Is this life just that? A life where no one understands anything? If that's the 
case? We just don't have any clue and are just guessing for the majority of it.

Doesn't sound very prophetic or religious does it? No, I didn't think so.

Happy Easter. It is but another day. Jesus died for our sins and was 
ressurrected. We are saved through Him. Being saved is a personal journey of 
course. Shall we go through a few scriptures? Sure, why not.

John 3:16 - For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that 
whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

Not too many people look to the previous two scriptures. We find the following:

John 3:14-15 - And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so 
must the Son of man be lifted up: That whosoever believeth in him should not 
perish, but have eternal life.

I wonder what the difference between everlasting and eternal life is. Perhaps it 
does not matter? I do not know. Or is Religion simply a construct for people to 
believe in something to explain questions that arise. Why are we here. If there 
are actual answers, and religion is the key to it all? So be it. However, if 
religion was simply invented and we were all lied to; well that's something 
different.

I simply do not know.